1.  Find or code implementation of 
    a.  k-means clustering
    b.  Expectation Maximization
    c.  PCA
    d.  ICA
    e.  Randomized Projects
    f.  another feature selection algorithm
2.  Identify two datasets, ideally the ones used on the first assignment. For each dataset, do the following and describe what you see
    a.  Run k-means clustering (save these cluster labels for later)
    b.  Run EM (save these cluster labels for later)
    c.  Apply PCA (save this reduced dataset for later)
    d.  Apply ICA (save this reduced dataset for later)
    e.  Apply RP (save this reduced dataset for later)
    f.  Apply another FS algorithm (save this reduced dataset for later)
    g.  Run k-means clustering on the PCA reduced dataset
    h.  Run k-means clustering on the ICA reduced dataset
    i.  Run k-means clustering on the RP reduced dataset
    j.  Run k-means clustering on the other reduced dataset
    k.  Run EM on the PCA reduced dataset
    l.  Run EM on the ICA reduced dataset
    m.  Run EM on the RP reduced dataset
    n.  Run EM on the other reduced dataset
3.  Pick one dataset from assignment 1 and re-run your ANN using
    a.  The PCA reduced dataset
    b.  The ICA reduced dataset
    c.  The RP reduced dataset
    d.  The other reduced dataset
    e.  The k-means clustered dataset using the cluster labels as new attributes
    f.  The EM clustered dataset using the cluster labels as new attributes
4.  The 10pp analysis PDF should contain:
    a.  Dataset explanation
    b.  Explanation of methods
    c.  How we chose k 
    d.  Description of clusters
    e.  Why did we get the clusters we did?
    f.  Do they make sense?
    g.  Did the clusters align with existing labels?
    h.  Compare and contrast the different algorithms
    i.  What changes to improve performance?
    j.  How much performance was due to the chosen problems?
    k.  Think of more questions and answer them with explicit data
    l.  Describe how the data looks in the new spaces created
    m.  For PCA, what is the distribution of eigenvalues?
    n.  For ICA, how kurtotic are the distributions?
    o.  Do the ICA axes capture anything meaningful?
    p.  Assuming you only generate k projections (i.e., you do dimensionality reduction), how well is the data reconstructed by the randomized projects?
    q.  Assuming you only generate k projections (i.e., you do dimensionality reduction), how well is the data reconstructed by PCA?
    r.  How much variation when you re-ran RP several times?
    s.  Did you get the same clusters on the reduced datasets?
    t.  How did the ANN perform on the reduced datasets? Speed? Any other changes?
5.  README.txt with instructions to run code
6.  Submit packaged README.txt, code, analysis PDF and supporting files